.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii exportd.8
.\"
.TH EXPORTD 8 "DECEMBER 2010" Rozo "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
exportd \- rozo export daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B exportd {--help | -h } | {--create
.I path
.B } | {[{--config | -c}
.I file
.B ] --start | --stop | --reload}
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B exportd
Rozo export daemon. Managed meta data for the
.BR rozo (7)
filesystem.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
.RS
Print help.
.RE
.IP "--create path"
.RS
Set up a the given 
.I path
directory to be exported by
.B exportd
.RE
.IP "-c, --config file"
.RS
Use 
.I file
as configuration file default is
.I /etc/rozo/export.conf
(or
.I /usr/local/etc/rozo/export.conf
according to install options)
.RE
.IP --start
.RS
Start the 
.B exportd
daemon.
.RE
.IP --stop
.RS
Stop the 
.B exportd
daemon.
.RE
.IP --reload
Reload the configuration file (the one used at start up, you can just add exported directory or cluster).
.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozo/export.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozo/export.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR export.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/log/syslog
.RS
The log file. See
.BR syslogd (8)
and
.BR syslog.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/run/exportd.pid
.RS
Pid file for the
.B exportd
daemon.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2010 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozo is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.

Rozo is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with rozo.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozo (7),
.BR export.conf (5),
.BR storaged (8),
.BR rozomount (8)
