.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii rozofs.7
.\"
.TH rozofs 7 "DECEMBER 2010" Rozofs "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozofs \- a short description of rozofs 

.SH DESCRIPTION

RozoFS is a scale-out NAS file system. RozoFS aims to provide an open source high performance and high availibility scale out storage software appliance  for  intensive disk IO data center scenario. It comes as a free software, licensed under the GNU GPL v2. RozoFS provides an easy way to scale to petabytes storage but using erasure coding it was designed to provide very high availability levels with optimized raw capacity usage on heterogenous commodity hardwares.

Rozo provide a native open source POSIX filesystem, build on top of a usual out-band scale-out storage architecture. The Rozo specificity lies in the way data is stored. The data to be stored is translated into several chunks named projections using Mojette Transform and distributed across storage devices in such a way that it can be retrieved even if several pieces are unavailable. On the other hand, chuncks are meaningless alone. Redundancy schemes based on coding techniques like the one used by RozoFS allow to achieve signiﬁcant storage savings as compared to simple replication.
The file system comprises three components:
.RS
.BR exportd 
— Meta Data Server managing the location (layout) of chunks (ensure the best capacity load balancing with respect to high availability), file access and namespace (hierarchy). Multiple replicated meta data servers are used to provide failover.The Exportd server is a user-space daemon; the meta data are stored synchroneously to a usual file system (the underlying file system must support extended attributes).

.BR storaged 
— Storage server storing the chunks. The Chunk server is also a user-space daemon that relies on the underlying local file system to manage the actual storage.

.BR rozofsmount 
— Clients talking to both the exports server and chunk servers and are responsible of data transformation. Clients mount the file system into user-space via FUSE.
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR exportd (8),
.BR export.conf (5),
.BR storaged (8),
.BR storage.conf (5),
.BR rozofsmount (8)
