.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii storaged.8
.\"
.TH rozo 7 "DECEMBER 2010" Rozo "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozo \- a short description of rozo cloud filesystem

.SH DESCRIPTION

.SS Upraising Flood of Unstructured Data!

As the volume of unstructured data to be stored is rapidly gaining orders of magnitude, corporate companies as well as hosting service providers start facing the main issues that come with it: scalability of the existing storage architectures, costs, parallelism of access to the data. 

While growing of storage needs for unstructured data explodes as well as storage environments complexity, traditionnal storage solutions have many pain points

    - Unstructured data is difficult to store and index.
    - Scaling is expensive and complex.
    - Co-located solutions are vulnerable to disasters.
    - Collaboration across multiple sites is challenging.
    - Uptime is expensive.
    - Recoverability is difficult to obtain.

While lots of public cloud storage offers exist, private clouds only are able to insure the level of control, of privacy and performances required by most companies or hosting services players. In line with usual cloud computing promises (scalability, consumption-based pricing model, accessibility and reliability) and beyond complex definition attempts, the key concepts of private cloud storage are well known:

    - Software only solutions.
    - Relying on heterogeneous commodity hardware (from multiple suppliers) connected over a LAN/WAN.
    - Able to cope with many storage points failures at a time within the overall architecture.

The main benefits of this architectural approach are a lower cost and a scalable-on-demand storagespace.

.SS Why Rozo

In a typical corporate cloud storage offer the reliability of the overall system is obtained by making several copies of each data to be stored, thus increasing considerably the requireddisk/space volume. Thanks to its innovative technology Fizians’s Rozo Cloud Filesystem offers the same level of reliability through less than one copy. The data to be stored is translated into several chunks and distributed in such a way that it can be retrieved even if several pieces are unavailable. These savings regarding disk space translates to savings in terms of expense.

Though, at first glance, such savings made at his primary level could be considered limited (disks are getting cheaper and cheaper each year), IT financial managers view it from a diferent standpoint for two reasons. Firstly, now not only gigabytes but also terabytes and petabytes are to be stored and secondly, cost of acquisition is not Total Cost of Ownership! More capacity means more devices, more energy, more cooling, more maintenance, more people and finally more trouble and more expenses.

.SS At a glance

ROZO is a POSIX compliant cloud filesystem providing an easy way to scale to petabytes storage with optimized raw capacity usage on heterogenous comodity hardware. ROZO was designed to let customers take avantage of corporate cloud storage model with simplicity:

    - Use well known file level that fits most business cases.
    - Reuse existing network or storage resources.
    - Limitless users an capacity scaling in respect of performances.
    - Sit on top of low cost comodity hardware.
    - Simple centralized management.

But with high availibility at lower cost:

    - Less raw capacity.
    - Less devices.
    - Less bandwith.

And more secure without the multiple copies drawback:

    - Higher data confidentiality.
    - Higher security.

Rozo is made of three components :
    1) exportd deamon : running on a dedicated host, provides data integrity and consistency throw meta data management.
    2) storaged deamon : running on commodity hardware with flexible back-end stores erase coded data.
    3) rozomount : provides access through a mountable filesystem (can be used on storage hosts or on any other host)

.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR exportd (8),
.BR export.conf (5),
.BR storaged (8),
.BR storage.conf (5),
.BR rozomount (8)
