.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii exportd.8
.\"
.TH ROZOFSMOUNT 8 "JUNE 2011" Rozofs "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
rozofsmount \- rozofs fuse mount
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rozofsmount
[\fB\-f\fP]
[\fB\-H\fP \fIEXPORT_HOST\fP]
[\fB\-E\fP \fIEXPORT_PATH\fP]
[\fB\-o\fP \fIopt\fP[,\fIopt\fP]...]
\fImountpoint\fP
.PP
.B rozofsmount
\fB\-h\fP|\fB\-\-help\fP
.PP
.B rozofsmount
\fB\-V\fP|\fB\-\-version\fP
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rozofsmount
Mount a 
.BR rozofs (7) 
filesystem exported by
.BR exportd (8)
.PP
General options:
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help
display help and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fP, \fB\-\-version
display version information and exit
.PP
FUSE options:
.TP
\fB\-f\fP
foreground operation
.PP
Rozofs options:
.TP
\fB\-H\fP \fIEXPORT_HOST\fP, \fB\-o exporthost=\fP\fIEXPORT_HOST\fP
Address (or dns name) where exportd deamon is running (default is rozofsexport).
.TP
\fB\-E\fP \fIEXPORT_PATH\fP, \fB-o exportpath=\fP\fIEXPORT_PATH\fP
Root path of an export see
.BR exportd (8)
for further details. (default is /home/rozofs).
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsbufsize=\fP\fIN\fP
specify size of I/O buffer in KiB (in range: 128..8192 - default: 256)
.TP
\fB\-o rozofsmaxretry=\fP\fIN\fP
specify number of retries before I/O error is returned (default: 5)
.PP
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2010 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with rozofs.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR exportd (8),
.BR storaged (8)
