.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii storaged.8
.\"
.TH storaged 8 "DECEMBER 2010" Rozofs "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
storaged \- rozofs storage daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B storaged 
[
.I options
] [
.I file
]
.B
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B storaged
Rozofs storaged daemon. Store encoded data for the
.BR rozofs (7)
filesystem.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "-h, --help"
.RS
Print help.
.RE
.IP "-c, --config file"
.RS
Use 
.I file
as configuration file default is
.I /etc/rozofs/storage.conf
(or
.I /usr/local/etc/rozofs/storage.conf
according to install options)
.RE
.SH FILES
.I /etc/rozofs/storage.conf (/usr/local/etc/rozofs/storage.conf)
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR storage.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/log/syslog
.RS
The log file. See
.BR syslogd (8)
and
.BR syslog.conf (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I /var/run/storaged.pid
.RS
Pid file for the
.B storaged
daemon.
.\".SH ENVIRONMENT
.\".SH DIAGNOSTICS
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <bugs@fizians.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2010 Fizians SAS. <http://www.fizians.com>

Rozofs is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version.

Rozofs is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with rozofs.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Fizians <http://www.fizians.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR rozofs (7),
.BR storage.conf (5),
.BR exportd (8),
.BR rozofsmount (8)


